README.md, before:

# BM_Search_Engine

This is a search engine that searches for code language keywords. The project is written in Go for the backend and in Svelte for the frontend.

## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes.

### Prerequisites

What things you need to install the software and how to install them:

- **Go**: You need to have Go installed on your machine. You can download it from [here](https://golang.org/dl/).
- **Node.js and npm**: You need to have Node.js and npm installed. You can download them from [here](https://nodejs.org/).

### Installing

A step-by-step series of examples that tell you how to get a development environment running.

#### Backend (Go)

1. **Clone the repository**:

    ```sh
    git clone https://github.com/yourusername/BM_Search_Engine.git
    cd BM_Search_Engine/backend
    ```

2. **Install dependencies**:

    ```sh
    go mod tidy
    ```

3. **Run the backend server**:

    ```sh
    go run main.go
    ```

#### Frontend (Svelte)
WORK IN PROGRESS


### Running the Tests

Explain how to run the automated tests for this system.

#### Backend Tests

1. **Navigate to the backend directory**:

    ```sh
    cd backend
    ```

2. **Run the tests**:

    ```sh
    go test ./...
    ```

#### Frontend Tests
WORK IN PROGRESS


### Deployment
WORK IN PROGRESS

### Built With

- [Go](https://golang.org/) - The backend programming language
- [Svelte](https://svelte.dev/) - The frontend framework


### API Documentation

To see the swagger api ui
run the project
```sh 
 cd backend
 go run main.go
 ```
 and go to http://localhost:8080/swagger/index.html

Commit message:

#59 updated the readme with instructions for how to install docker and the links for frontend and backend deployment

README.md, after:

# BM_Search_Engine

This is a search engine that searches for code language keywords. The project is written in Go for the backend and in Svelte for the frontend.

## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes.

### Prerequisites

What things you need to install the software and how to install them:

- **Go**: You need to have Go installed on your machine. You can download it from [here](https://golang.org/dl/).
- **Node.js and npm**: You need to have Node.js and npm installed. You can download them from [here](https://nodejs.org/).

### Installing

A step-by-step series of examples that tell you how to get a development environment running.

1. **Clone the repository**:
    ```sh
    git clone https://github.com/UpsDev42069/BM_Search_Engine.git
    cd BM_Search_Engine/backend
    ```
    
2. **Install dependencies**:
    ```sh
    install docker
    install docker-compose
    ```

3. **Run docker-compose**:
    ```sh
    docker-compose up --build
    ```



### Running the Tests

Explain how to run the automated tests for this system.

#### Backend Tests

1. **Navigate to the backend directory**:

    ```sh
    cd backend
    ```

2. **Run the tests**:

    ```sh
    go test ./...
    ```

#### Frontend Tests
WORK IN PROGRESS


### Deployment
[The frontend is deployed here:](13.79.97.206:8069)

[The backend is deployed here:](13.79.97.206:8080)


### Built With

- [Go](https://golang.org/) - The backend programming language
- [Svelte](https://svelte.dev/) - The frontend framework


### API Documentation

To see the swagger api ui
run the project
```sh 
 cd backend
 go run main.go
 ```
 and go to http://localhost:8080/swagger/index.html
